[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> Kamina: THAT WAS ONE NASTY
EXPERIENCE.
>> Simon: WHAT WAS?
>> Kamina: THAT VILLAGE, ADAI.
IT’S A GLOOMY VILLAGE
FULL OF GLOOMY PEOPLE LIVING
GLOOMY LIVES IN THE GLOOMY COLD.
FOR SOME REASON, WHENEVER
I THINK BACK TO THAT PLACE,
I GET TICKED OFF.
>> Simon: YEAH, THEY WERE REALLY
POOR, WEREN’T THEY?
THE WHOLE TIME I WAS THINKING
THAT, BACK IN GIHA VILLAGE,
WE HAD IT A LOT BETTER THAN
THOSE PEOPLE DO.
WE HAD ELECTRICITY, AND WE ALSO
HAD PIG‐MOLES.
>> Kamina: THAT’S FOR SURE.
THEY DRINK SOME KINDA SOUP
OR BROTH MADE OUTTA SOMETHING
THAT MIGHT OR MIGHT NOT BE
SOME KINDA FISH.
WHEN KIDS EAT STUFF LIKE THAT,
THEY GROW INTO GLOOMY KIDS
LIKE FOREHEAD BOY.
>> Simon: YEAH, BUT I UNDERSTAND
ROSSIU.
>> Kamina: YOU UNDERSTAND WHY HE
HAS SUCH A BIG FOREHEAD AT HIS
YOUNG AGE?
>> Simon: NO, I DON’T KNOW
ABOUT THAT.
BUT YOU KNOW, IF I HAD NEVER
MET YOU...
IF I’D BEEN BORN IN THAT VILLAGE
INSTEAD OF THE ONE I WAS...
I MIGHT HAVE TURNED OUT
LIKE THAT.
>> Kamina: YOU’RE RIGHT.
YOU’VE GOT AN OVERSIZED
FOREHEAD, TOO.
>> Simon: COULD WE PLEASE DROP
THE FOREHEAD THING?
I’M CURIOUS, THOUGH.
WHY DID YOU TRY SO HARD TO PUSH
THE HIGH PRIEST’S BUTTONS?
>> Kamina: OH, THAT.
SOMETHING ABOUT HIM REMINDED ME
OF OUR VILLAGE CHIEF.
AND THAT WHOLE "WORSHIP GUNMEN
AS GODS" THING PISSES ME OFF.
YEAH, THIS IS THE GUY!
IT’S HARD TO TELL WHICH ONE
IS THE GUNMEN!
YOU KNOW, HAVING MORE LINES
ON YOUR FACE ISN’T NECESSARILY
A GOOD THING.
>> Simon: I WISH YOU’D
TALK SENSE.
I BET IT WAS ROUGH FOR THEM.
THE VILLAGE DIDN’T HAVE MUCH
FOOD OR WATER.
TO SURVIVE, DON’T YOU THINK
THEY HAD TO FIND SOMETHING
TO HOLD ON TO?
>> Kamina: NO, THAT’S NOT IT.
THAT FATHER MAGIN GUY,
HE HAD ENOUGH SPIRIT TO OPERATE
A GUNMEN.
HE HAD ENOUGH SPIRIT TO FIGHT
THAT GUNMEN THAT CAME DOWN
AFTER US.
HE SHOULD HAVE PUT THAT
TO GOOD USE!
JUST BECAUSE THERE’S
ONLY ENOUGH FOOD FOR 50
DOWN THERE DON’T MAKE IT RIGHT
TO EXILE ANY EXTRA PEOPLE
TO THE SURFACE!
HE EVEN RIGGED THE LOTTERY
IN ORDER TO MAKE SURE THAT
A COUPLE OF KIDS LIKE GIMMY
AND DARRY GOT PICKED!
I CAN’T CONDONE CRAP LIKE THAT,
NOT EVER.
TELL ME, SIMON, YOU KNOW WHY
PEOPLE HAVE EYES IN FRONT?
IT’S ’CAUSE YOU HAVE TO MOVE
FORWARD TO SEE THE LANDSCAPE
IN THE DISTANCE.
>> Simon: MOVE...FORWARD.
>> Kamina: YEAH, THAT’S RIGHT.
IF YOU HAD EYES IN BACK,
ALL YOU COULD SEE IS YOUR
HOMETOWN GETTING FARTHER AWAY.
YOU CAN’T MOVE FORWARD
LIKE THAT.
IF YOUR EYES ARE IN FRONT,
WHAT YOU SEE IN THE DISTANCE
KEEPS GETTING CLOSER.
THAT’S WHAT LETS PEOPLE
MOVE FORWARD.
MY DEAR DEPARTED DAD
USED TO SAY THAT TO ME.
>> Simon: WHAT YOU SEE OFF
IN THE DISTANCE...
>> Kamina: YEAH, THAT’S IT.
>> Simon: BUT THAT’S NOT ALL
OF IT.
HAVING EYES IN FRONT
LETS YOU SEE THE BACKS
OF THE PEOPLE AHEAD OF YOU.
>> Kamina: SIMON?
>> Simon: THAT’S WHY ROSSIU CAME
WITH US.
THAT’S WHAT I THINK.
LET’S SHOW THEM ALL.
LET’S SHOW ROSSIU AND GIMMY
AND DARRY, ALL OUR NEW FRIENDS.
LET’S SHOW THEM SOMETHING NEW.
>> Kamina: YEAH, YOU’RE RIGHT.
FINDING NEW FRIENDS AIN’T BAD
AT ALL.
>> Simon: I DON’T SEE ANYTHING
AROUND HERE THAT SEEMS LIKE
A LIKELY CANDIDATE.
>> Ron: NO DOUBT ABOUT IT.
JUDGING FROM THIS MAP,
THE RECALL POINT OUGHT TO BE
RIGHT HERE.
>> Kamina: ARE YOU SURE WE
DIDN’T JUST MISS IT?
>> Rossiu: IT’S HARD TO BELIEVE
THAT WE COULD OVERLOOK
A FACILITY LARGE ENOUGH
TO LAUNCH GUNMEN, THOUGH I GUESS
ANYTHING’S POSSIBLE.
>> Ron: I SUPPOSE I OUGHT TO
LOOK OVER GURREN’S DATA ONE MORE
TIME.
WAIT!
>> Kamina: WHAT DO YA SEE?
>> Ron: SOMEHOW IT’S MOVING.
>> Simon: IT’S MOVING?
>> Kamina: HOW COULD THAT BE?
>> Ron: BEATS ME.
BUT IF YOU GO BY THE DATA
WE’RE GETTING,
IT MEANS THAT THE RECALL
POINT ITSELF IS MOVING.
>> Simon: IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE?
>> Ron: I HAVEN’T THE SLIGHTEST
IDEA.
IT MIGHT JUST MEAN THAT ALL THIS
DATA ISN’T RELIABLE.
>> Kamina: DAMN THING IS
USELESS!
HEY, WHAT’RE YOU DOING THERE?
>> Yoko: UGH! TURN YOUR FACE!
>> Kamina: WHAT DID YOU SAY?
WHAT WAS THAT?
I CAN’T UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU’RE
SAYING!
>> Simon: WHAT’S THE MATTER?
>> Rossiu: YOKO, ARE YOU FEELING
SICK OR SOMETHING?
>> Yoko: OH, IT STINKS!
>> Simon: STINKS?
>> Kamina: WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WHAT STINKS?
>> Yoko: THE FOUR OF YOU REEK
TO HIGH HEAVEN!
[boys shout]
WHY DON’T YOU TRY BRUSHING
YOUR TEETH AND WASHING UP
EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE!
IT’S SOME GUNMEN!
>> Kamina: HEY, HEY, HEY!
YOU OUT THERE IN THE GUNMEN!
LISTEN AND BE AMAZED!
LOOK AND BE AMAZED!
MY ANGRY FLAMES WILL BURN
ANY GUNMEN BRAZEN ENOUGH
TO CROSS MY PATH!
YOU HAVE THE HONOR AND
MISFORTUNE OF FACING
THE FEARSOME AND MIGHTY KAMINA,
INDOMITABLE LEADER
OF THE INVINCIBLE TEAM GURREN!
>> Yoko: GEEZ LOUISE, CAN’T HE
HAVE A FIGHT WITHOUT RUNNING
HIS MOUTH OFF?
>> Kamina: HA HA, YOU ALL CAN
COME AT ME HOWEVER YOU WANT!
THEY HARDLY PUT UP A FIGHT
AT ALL!
>> Rossiu: IS IT JUST ME, OR ARE
THESE GUNMEN GETTING WEAKER?
>> Gimmy: AWESOME! AWESOME!
AWESOME!
>> Yoko: THESE GUYS ARE JUST AS
STRONG AS EVER, SO THAT MEANS
WE’RE GETTING TOUGHER.
RIGHT, SIMON?
>> Simon: UH, YOU REALLY THINK
SO?
>> Ron: WAIT.
ONE OF THEM IS GETTING AWAY.
>> Kamina: YEAH, LET’S KILL ’EM
ALL!
>> Rossiu: KAMINA, THINK FOR
A MINUTE.
DON’T YOU SUPPOSE WE MIGHT FIND
THE RECALL POINT FASTER IF WE
JUST FOLLOW THAT GUNMEN
INSTEAD OF KILLING HIM?
>> all: THAT’S IT!
>> Kamina: COME BACK HERE, YOU
STUPID LONG‐EARED GUNMEN
VARMINT!
CRAP, WHERE’D IT GO?!
I CAN’T SEE A DAMN THING!
>> Ron: IT’S HOPELESS IN ALL
THIS FOG!
>> Simon: HEY, BRO!
SOMETHING’S OUT THERE!
>> Kamina: A GUNMEN?
>> Simon: NO, IT’S TOO SMALL.
[loud pounding]
>> Kamina: HEY, GRAMPS, WHAT’RE
YOU DOING WAY OUT HERE?
>> Rossiu: DO YOU THINK HE CAN
UNDERSTAND US?
>> Yoko: I WONDER IF THERE’S A
VILLAGE AROUND HERE SOMEWHERE.
YOU WANT US TO GO THAT WAY?
>> Kamina: COME ON, GRAMPS.
WHAT THE HELL’S OUT HERE
IN THE MOUNTAINS ANYWAY?
>> Simon: WAIT, I CAN SEE
SOMETHING UP AHEAD, BRO.
>> Rossiu: SOMEHOW THIS BUILDING
IS TERRIBLY SUSPICIOUS.
THE AIR HERE IS PRETTY WARM.
AND IT’S GIVING OFF STEAM.
EVERYONE, WE’VE DELIVERED
THE OLD MAN SAFELY, SO I THINK
WE SHOULD LEAVE NOW, AND‐‐
WAIT, YOU’RE GOING INSIDE?
>> Yoko: WELL, HE SEEMS TO WANT
US TO FOLLOW HIM!
>> Kamina: YEAH.
HEY, MAYBE HE’S GONNA GIVE US
A REWARD OR SOMETHING.
>> girls: HELLO, AND WELCOME!
>> Rossiu: IT’S GETTING MORE AND
MORE SUSPICIOUS.
LISTEN!
SOMETHING FISHY’S GOING ON HERE!
>> girls: WELCOME! WELCOME!
>> Okami: WELL, WELL, IF IT
ISN’T THE MIGHTY KAMINA.
YOU ARE ABOUT TO ASK,
"HOW DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM?"
THERE ISN’T A SINGLE HUMAN
UP ON THE SURFACE WHO HASN’T
HEARD OF THE FAMOUS TEAM GURREN.
>> girls: NOT A ONE!
>> Okami: TALES OF YOUR EXPLOITS
HAVE GIVEN HOPE AND COURAGE
TO VILLAGERS FAR AND WIDE,
PROMPTING THEM TO TAKE
TO THE SURFACE THEMSELVES.
YOU ARE THE HEROES OF THE ENTIRE
HUMAN RACE!
>> girls: YOU’RE OUR HERO!
>> Yoko: YOU MORON.
>> Rossiu: GIMMY, YOU TOO?
>> Okami: YOU PEOPLE BY THE
DOOR, PLEASE, JOIN US.
COME IN, COME IN!
[screaming]
>> Rossiu: IT’S FISHY!
IT MAY LOOK REALLY DELICIOUS,
BUT ON THE OTHER HAND, IT ALSO
MIGHT CONTAIN A TERRIBLE POISON
SO POWERFUL AND DEADLY,
IT CAN KILL WITH A SINGLE‐‐
>> Simon: HEY, ROSSIU!
>> Rossiu: I CAN’T BELIEVE
YOU’VE ALREADY EATEN 9/10
OF IT.
>> Kamina: YEAH, AND IF YOU
DON’T HURRY UP AND JOIN US, I’M
GONNA HELP MYSELF TO THE TENTH
THAT’S LEFT!
A MAN’S STOMACH KNOWS NO LIMITS!
KEEP IT ALL COMING!
>> girls: HOW MANLY!
[sniffing]
>> Rossiu: BUT IS IT SAFE?
>> Kiyoh: AH!
>> Kiyal: KAMINA!
I KNEW IT, IT’S KAMINA!
>> Kiyoh: DON’T YOU REMEMBER?
WE’RE THE THREE SISTERS
OF THE BLACK SIBLINGS.
>> Rossiu: FRIENDS OF YOURS?
>> Simon: UH‐HUH.
>> Kiyoh: HUH? YOKO, I DIDN’T
KNOW YOU HAD CHILDREN!
[gulps and spits]
DID YOU AND KAMINA‐‐
>> Yoko: YEAH, RIGHT! AS IF!
>> Simon: HEY, WHERE’S KITTAN?
>> Kiyoh: HE HAD SOME THINGS
TO TAKE CARE OF.
SO WE’RE ALL ON OUR OWN TODAY.
>> Kiyal: ACTUALLY, WE WERE
WAITING FOR HIM NEARBY,
BUT THEN SOME GUNMEN SHOWED UP.
>> Kamina: HUH?
>> Kinon: YES, THAT’S RIGHT!
AND THEN WHILE WE WERE CHASING
THEM, THIS ODD HAZE SPRANG UP.
AND JUST WHEN WE THOUGHT WE WERE
LOST, SOMETHING VERY UNEXPECTED
HAPPENED TO US.
>> Rossiu: WAIT, YOU WERE GUIDED
TO THIS PLACE BY
A MYSTERIOUS OLD MAN?
>> Kinon: YEAH.
>> Kiyal: SO...WHO ARE YOU?
>> all: HUH?
>> Okami: LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
ONCE YOU HAVE EATEN YOUR FILL,
PLEASE FEEL FREE TO SOAK
YOUR BATTLE FATIGUE AWAY IN OUR
GLORIOUS HOT SPRING.
>> Yoko: HOT SPRING?!
>> Kamina: HOT SPRING?
WHAT IS THAT?
>> Ron: YOU SEE, HON, A HOT
SPRING IS A PLACE WHERE‐‐
>> man: OH, YEAH.
[girl moans]
>> Kamina: THIS IS AWESOME!
IT’S TOTALLY AWESOME!
>> girls: ENJOY!
>> Kiyoh: AHH.
>> Yoko: THIS FEELS SO
WONDERFUL!
>> Simon: HEY BRO, WHERE’S
ROSSIU AND RON?
>> Kamina: DON’T KNOW.
DON’T CARE.
[laughs]
[sighs]
>> Simon: THIS IS GREAT!
RIGHT, BRO?
>> Kamina: YOU KNOW WHAT, SIMON?
>> Simon: WHAT?
>> Kamina: ONE OF THESE DAYS,
YOU AND ME NEED TO TRY TO GO TO
THE MOON.
>> Simon: YOU MEAN THIS?
>> Kamina: NO, THAT!
>> Simon: I DON’T THINK ANY
AMOUNT OF WISHFUL THINKING
WILL‐‐
>> Kamina: YOU DUMB‐ASS!
[Boota grunts]
KICK LOGIC OUT AND DO
THE IMPOSSIBLE.
THAT’S THE WAY WE ROLL.
YOU AND I MADE IT ALL THE WAY UP
HERE TO THE SURFACE, DIDN’T WE?
IT CAN’T BE IMPOSSIBLE TO GO
TO THE MOON!
[Simon laughs]
>> Simon: WHEN YOU SAY IT LIKE
THAT, I FEEL LIKE MAYBE WE COULD
REALLY DO IT.
[Yoko sighs]
>> Kamina: FATE IS A FUNNY
THING, AIN’T IT?
IF YOU HADN’T DUG UP LAGANN
THAT DAY AND THAT GUNMEN
HADN’T COME CRASHING DOWN
THROUGH THE CEILING,
WHO KNOWS WHAT WE’D BE DOING
NOW?
LOOK UP!
THAT’S THE SURFACE!
I TOLD YOU THERE WAS
A SURFACE UP THERE!
THIS BIG MUG FELL
FROM THE SURFACE!
FROM ABOVE THE CEILING!
AIN’T THAT RIGHT, MR. CHIEF?
>> Simon: BRO, THIS WAY!
LET’S GET OUT OF HERE!
HEY, BRO?
>> Kamina: HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY,
HEY, HEY!
YOU’VE GOT GUTS, PLOWING INTO MY
VILLAGE LIKE THIS, YOU AND THAT
BIG, UGLY MUG OF YOURS.
YOU KNOW THAT?
>> Simon: R‐RUN!
>> Kamina: THE REPUTATION OF
TEAM GURREN ECHOES FAR AND WIDE.
WHEN THEY TALK ABOUT ITS BADASS
LEADER, THE MAN OF INDOMITABLE
SPIRIT AND MASCULINITY...
THEY’RE TALKING ABOUT ME,
THE MIGHTY KAMINA!
>> Yoko: ALL RIGHT, YOU TWO!
YOU BETTER GET BACK!
[whistles]
>> Kamina: SOMETHING ELSE FROM
ABOVE?
>> Simon: YEAH, AND IT’S A GIRL
THIS TIME.
>> Kamina: DAMN, YOU GOT
A MIGHTY FINE BODY!
SURFACE CHICKS ARE A BREED
APART.
>> Yoko: DO I NEED TO TELL
YOU AGAIN TO RUN?
DO YOU HAVE A DEATH WISH?
[gasps]
>> Kamina: THIS IS IT, THE FACE
YOU WANTED TO SHOW ME?
>> Simon: YEP.
>> Kamina: THIS MAKES TWO
AWESOME THINGS YOU’VE DUG UP.
>> Simon: HEY, BRO, LET’S USE
THIS TO TAKE OUT THAT THING
UP THERE!
>> Kamina: YEAH, LET’S WASTE IT.
>> Simon: UH‐HUH.
[all screaming]
>> Kamina: YEAH, YOU DID IT,
SIMON!
>> Simon: YEAH, I GUESS I DID!
>> Kamina: COME ON, LET’S ROCK!
YOU WEREN’T EXPECTING THIS,
YOU S. O. B.!
EVEN IF HEAVEN ITSELF TOLERATES
YOUR BRUTALITY, THE MIGHTY
LAGANN DOES NOT!
A DRILL?
>> Simon: IT SORTA POPPED OUT.
>> Kamina: THAT’S YOUR KIND
OF WEAPON!
IT’S A PERFECT MATCH.
ALL RIGHT, SMASH US
INTO THAT BIG, UGLY MUG!
LET IT FEEL THE POWER OF
TEAM GURREN’S MIGHTY DRILL.
[screaming]
ADIOS, GIHA VILLAGE.
WE’RE GOING UP TO THE SURFACE!
TO THE SURFACE I SAW AS A KID!
[all screaming]
>> Simon: I REMEMBER THAT SIGHT
AS IF IT I’D SEEN IT JUST
YESTERDAY.
>> Kamina: YEAH.
>> Simon: BUT WE FOUND OUT
THAT THE SURFACE BELONGED TO
THE GUNMEN...
AND THAT ALL THE HUMANS ON THE
SURFACE WERE TO BE EXTERMINATED.
THAT WAS THE LAW OF THE LAND
UP ON THE SURFACE.
EVEN YOUR DAD WAS KILLED.
>> Kamina: IT IS WHAT IT IS.
THAT’S THE KIND OF HARSH WORLD
WE LIVE IN.
BUT THAT’S OKAY.
WE’LL SURVIVE IT.
IT WAS THAT FIGHTING SPIRIT
THAT WON US GURREN.
WAIT, THIS GUY WAS IN THE SHOW?
>> Simon: HUH?!
YOU FORGOT HIM ALREADY?!
>> Kamina: UH, A WHITE SANDS
GATOR‐BUNNY?
>> Simon: NO, THAT’S THIS.
>> Kamina: OH! A SLIME GRAPE
HIPPO!
>> Simon: SORRY, THAT’S THIS.
>> Kamina: I’VE GOT IT!
IT’S A FLYING RACCOON.
>> Viral: WRONG!
I’M WITH THE HUMAN ERADICATION
FORCES, FAR EAST THEATER,
COMMANDER VIRAL.
>> Simon: HOW COULD YOU FORGET
HIM?
HE WAS ONE SERIOUSLY TOUGH
OPPONENT!
>> Kamina: DUMBASS!
WHEN WE WORK TOGETHER, A BOZO
LIKE HIM IS NO MATCH FOR US!
AND THAT’S THE SERIES OF
ADVENTURES THAT BROUGHT US
TO THIS POINT.
>> Simon: ALONG THE WAY WE
EVEN MET OTHER HUMANS WHO WERE
FIGHTING THE GUNMEN.
SAY, BRO, ISN’T IT KINDA QUIET
NEXT DOOR?
>> Rossiu: KIND OF FISHY.
VERY FISHY.
WAY TOO FISHY.
[groaning]
>> Simon: I DON’T HEAR ANY SIGNS
OF LIFE OVER THERE.
>> Kamina: SOMETHING MIGHT
HAVE HAPPENED TO THEM!
YOKO!
YOU OKAY IN THERE?!
NOBODY’S HERE.
WHERE DID THE GIRLS GO?
[laughter]
[Kamina and Simon screaming]
WAIT, BUT...
THIS BATHHOUSE WAS A GUNMEN?
[Okami laughs]
>> Okami: NOW I BELIEVE IT IS
TIME TO BEGIN OUR HUMAN HUNT.
>> Kamina: HEY, YOU’RE
A BEASTMAN, AREN’T YOU?!
COMING OUT TO HUNT AT NIGHT
IS AGAINST THE RULES!
>> Okami: SORRY, BUT MY KIND
IS NOCTURNAL!
>> Ron: THIS WAY!
THEY’RE SET TO BE USED AT
A MOMENT’S NOTICE!
>> Kamina: THANK YOU!
LET’S COMBINE!
>> Simon: BRO, OVER THERE!
>> Kamina: YOU GURREN‐NAPPERS!
>> Rossiu: MAN, THAT WAS
HORRIBLE.
THE WHOLE BATHHOUSE STARTED
MOVING AND SHAKING ALL OF
A SUDDEN.
I JUST WANT TO KNOW WHERE
IN THE WORLD KAMINA AND THE
OTHERS DISAPPEARED TO.
[screams]
WAIT, THIS IS GURREN!
>> Simon: BRO, SHE’S HOLDING THE
GIRLS HOSTAGE!
WHAT’RE WE GONNA DO!?
>> Kinon: SAVE US, KAMINA!
>> Kamina: RIGHT!
NOW JUMP UP AND LATCH ONTO
ITS FACE!
>> Yoko: HOW DARE YOU TAKE
DELICIOUS FOOD AND A HOT BATH,
THE TWO GREATEST PLEASURES IN A
GIRL’S LIFE, AND USE THEM AS A
TRAP!
YOU DESPICABLE BEASTMEN!
EVEN IF HEAVEN FORGIVES YOUR
BRUTALITY, I PROMISE YOU I
NEVER WILL!
[Kamina yelling]
[girls screaming]
>> Simon: I AM SO DEAD, BRO!
>> Kamina: SUCK IT UP, SIMON!
CRAP!
HUH?
[Yoko yelling]
>> girl: WELCOME! WELCOME!
[screaming]
>> beastmen: WELCOME! WELCOME!
[Kamina yelling]
>> beastmen: WELCOME!
>> Kamina: GET OUTTA MY WAY,
YOU TOADIES!
>> Okami: YOU’RE HISTORY!
[Simon screaming]
>> Okami: WHAT THE HELL
HAPPENED?!
>> ENGINE ROOM HERE.
THOSE WOMEN THAT ESCAPED ARE‐‐
>> Okami: DAMN IT!
>> Kamina: ALL RIGHT, ARE YOU
READY TO GO?
>> Okami: I THINK NOT.
YOU’VE HAD QUITE ENOUGH FUN
FOR ONE LIFETIME, KAMINA.
THE NEXT TIME YOU MOVE,
YOU DIE, GOT THAT?
>> Kamina: QUIT SCREWING WITH
ME, BEASTMAN!
YOUR THREATS WON’T WORK
ON THE MIGHTY KAMINA!
MY WRATH IS AT THE BOILING
POINT!
SIT IN THE HOT TUB ’TIL
YOU’RE SICK, YOU BASTARDS!
SIMON!
>> Simon: BRO!
>> Kamina: COME ON, GET IN!
>> Simon: BUT WE CAN’T ALL FIT,
BRO!
>> Kamina: JUST CLOSE THE
CANOPY!
>> Kinon: IT’S SO CRAMPED.
>> Yoko: WON’T ALL OF US MAKE
THIS TOO HEAVY TO MOVE?
>> Kamina: NO, IT’LL WORK!
LOOK! IT’S GURREN!
>> Rossiu: IT WAS JUST LIKE YOU
TOLD ME.
I WAS ABLE TO POWER IT
WITH FIGHTING SPIRIT.
>> Kamina: YEAH, WAY TO GO,
FOREHEAD BOY!
OKAY THEN, LET’S COMBINE.
>> Rossiu: SHOULD I GET OUT?
>> Kamina: NO, THERE’S NO TIME!
[yells]
MAN’S WRATH.
>> Okami: IMPOSSIBLE!
>> Kamina: EXPLOSIVE SLASH!
>> Yoko: WE DID IT!
WE DID IT!
>> Kamina: GOOD MORNIN’,
SUNSHINE.
[Yoko yelling]
[all groaning]
WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?
>> ♪ THE GROUND BELOW ♪
♪ MY FEET... ♪ ♪
>> Viral: IT’S BEEN A LONG TIME,
YOU NAKED APE!
>> Kamina: UH, WHO’S THIS GUY
AGAIN?
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[man singing in Japanese]
>> Kamina: A MAN’S GOTTA DO WHAT
A MAN’S GOTTA DO.
SOMETIME, SOMEWHERE YOU MIGHT
COME ACROSS A GOLDEN
OPPORTUNITY.
WHETHER YOU LIVE OR
DIE IS UP TO YOU!
NEXT TIME ON GURREN LAGANN,
"YOU’RE GONNA DO IT!"